=head1 NAME

zmaliastofromsyncer - Zimbra Alias to From Syncer

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<zmaliastofromsyncer> [I<options>...] I<account@domain>|B<ALL>

     --man           show man-page and exit
 -h, --help          display this help and exit
     --noaction      just talk don't act
     --verbose       talk while working
     --debug         show all output before it is parsed

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Make sure the zimbraPrefFromAddress matches the first zimbraMailAlias. If no
alias is set, the script makes sure the zimbraPrefFromAddress is set to the account name or empty.

=head1 EXAMPLES

Configure a single account

  zmaliastofromsyncer tobi@zimbra.oetiker.ch

Reconfigure ALL accounts

  zmmsgmover ALL

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2016 by OETIKER+PARTNER AG. All rights reserved.

=head1 LICENSE

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.

=head1 AUTHOR

S<Tobias Oetiker E<lt>tobi@oetiker.chE<gt>>

=head1 HISTORY

 2016-06-15 to Initial Version

=cut
